docs/android/tools.md, before:

# Android Tools

# ✍️ About

Curated list of awesome Android tools for pentesting and reverse engineering.

# 📝 Contents
- [Static Analysis Tools](#static-analysis-tools)
- [De-Obfuscation](#de-obfuscation)
- [Dynamic Analysis Tools](#dynamic-analysis-tools)
- [Decompilers](#decompilers)
- [Malware Analysis](#malware-analysis)
- [Emulators](#emulators)
- [Rooting](#rooting)
- [Misc](#misc)

## Static Analysis Tools

## De-Obfuscation

## Dynamic Analysis Tools
- [Drozer](./tools/drozer.md) - Android Security Testing Framework using a pseudo-malicious application agent

### Dynamic Instrumentation
- [Frida](./tools/frida.md) - Dynamic instrumentation toolkit for runtime manipulation
- [Objection](./tools/objection.md) - Runtime exploration tool with built-in commands for common mobile testing scenarios

### Networking

## Decompilers
- [JADX](./tools/JADX.md) - Decompiles APK into Java source code
- [Apktool](./tools/apktool.md) - Popular tool for decompiling/recompiling APK files
- [Ghidra](./tools/ghidra.md) - Open-source Software Engineering Reverse Framework developed by the NSA

## Malware Analysis
- [APKiD](./tools/APKiD.md) - Identifies compilers, packers, obfuscators...

## Emulators

## Rooting

## Misc
- [ADB](./tools/ADB.md) - The Android Pocket Knife Army tool
- [Uber Apk Signer](./tools/uber-apk-signer.md) - CLI tool for signing and zip aliging APKs

Commit message:

reorganize a bit + burp suite guide

docs/android/tools.md, after:

# Android Tools

# ✍️ About

Curated list of awesome Android tools for pentesting and reverse engineering.

# 📝 Contents
- [Static Analysis Tools](#static-analysis-tools)
- [De-Obfuscation](#de-obfuscation)
- [Dynamic Analysis Tools](#dynamic-analysis-tools)
- [Decompilers](#decompilers)
- [Malware Analysis](#malware-analysis)
- [Emulators](#emulators)
- [Rooting](#rooting)
- [Misc](#misc)

## Static Analysis Tools

## De-Obfuscation

## Dynamic Analysis Tools
- [Drozer](./tools/drozer.md) - Android Security Testing Framework using a pseudo-malicious application agent

### Dynamic Instrumentation
- [Frida](../common/tools/frida.md) - Dynamic instrumentation toolkit for runtime manipulation
- [Objection](../common/tools/objection.md) - Runtime exploration tool with built-in commands for common mobile testing scenarios

### Networking
- [Burp Suite](../common/tools/burp-suite.md) - Commercial tool for analyzing network traffic

## Decompilers
- [JADX](./tools/JADX.md) - Decompiles APK into Java source code
- [Apktool](./tools/apktool.md) - Popular tool for decompiling/recompiling APK files
- [Ghidra](./tools/ghidra.md) - Open-source Software Engineering Reverse Framework developed by the NSA

## Malware Analysis
- [APKiD](./tools/APKiD.md) - Identifies compilers, packers, obfuscators...

## Emulators

## Rooting

## Misc
- [ADB](./tools/ADB.md) - The Android Pocket Knife Army tool
- [Uber Apk Signer](./tools/uber-apk-signer.md) - CLI tool for signing and zip aliging APKs
